What else do you want?
I said I bankrupted the four families
delist
Hahaha let's go bankrupt
If you can really bankrupt us
Hmm, I can get married
OK
Since you said it first
So let's start with you.
Guozhou Liang family
delisted ouch
He really thinks he's somebody.
If we really bankrupt our four families
You can give this fruit porridge to you.
Guozhou, you can't be the master yet
How is that possible?
Our family has a century-old foundation
Ah dad
I don't know Tarzan
Please also ask Mr. Xue to let our parents go
Late. What's wrong?
Our mother's family
Just went bankrupt
What? What?
I beg Mr. Xue to let our Song family go
I have no eyes
I don't know the sky and the earth
I shouldn't have said you just now.
Please let the Knight Group live
Now do you believe it?
Impossible this
Who the hell are you?
I told you before.
You don't believe me, you don't deserve to know